well demonstrations against Israel's war
on Gaza are spreading to more
universities in Europe several students
have been arrested at the Sall
University in Paris they were dragged
Away by police after setting up camps
and raising the Palestinian flag let's
get more on this Natasha but is standing
by for us in the French Capital the
pictures look pretty brutal at the
moment I would say uh but what's the
situation like there right now
[Applause]
Natasha yeah those pictures that you saw
were a little bit earlier when police uh
went into sborn University one of
France's most famous and prestigious
universities it's just behind me you can
see a very heavy police presence they
cleared out we understand maybe uh 30
students who had set up their tents in
the center of the University they're
there uh in to protest to ask for more
solidarity with the Palestinian people
but as I said of course police evacuated
them pretty fast after that around 100
students came down here on square and if
we turn around you can see they have
rolled out a huge Palestinian flag and
they've been here for a few hours now
chanting uh their support for Palestine
people calling for France to do more to
end uh the war in Gaza they're also
calling for their University for the
sborn to cut its ties with Israeli
universities and that's something we've
heard from a lot of students they say
that their universities need to look
very much at where they're getting
funding at the sort of ties they're
having and examine those and have a
conversation about it but a lot of
students here say that they feel as if
uh that conversation is simply not even
taking place and of course we'll come
back to you as the situation develops
and as you monitor those protests in
Paris thank you Natasha Butler
there make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer